feat: Mongodb Atlas Google Cloud example config (#386)
observIQ/observiq-otel-collector: config/google_cloud_exporter/mongodb_atlas/README.md

# Mongodb Atlas Metrics with Google Cloud

The Mongodb Atlas Receiver can be used to send Mongodb Atlas metrics to Google Cloud Monitoring.

## Prerequisites

See the [documentation](https://github.com/observIQ/observiq-otel-collector/blob/main/docs/receivers.md) for Mongodb Atlas prerequisites.

See the [prerequisites](../README.md) doc for Google Cloud prerequisites.

## Authentication Environment Variables

The configuration assumes the following environment variables are set:
- `MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY`
- `MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY`

Set the variables by creating a [systemd override](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/systemd#Replacement_unit_files).

Run the following command
```bash
sudo systemctl edit observiq-otel-collector
```

If this is the first time an override is being created, the file will be empty. Paste the following contents into the file. If the `Service` section is already present, append the two `Environment` lines to the `Service` section.

Replace `otel` with your Mongodb Atlas public key and private key.
```
[Service]
Environment=MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY=otel
Environment=MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY=otel
```

> After restarting the collector, the configuration will attempt to use the configured username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After restarting the collector, the configuration will attempt to use the configured public/private key pair.
```

or something similar
